This is our entity, class student, student or.
And using this name only splinted arrest is creating the USA forever.
This debate is this one, right?
Misled students.
So this is the default one being generated by spring that arrest.
But let's say we want to change it, OK, we want to change this.
But all you can say you are right for our rest APIs so that also we can do so.
For example, we want to have you what is less study?
So let's go for it.
So this is our entity, Glass.
What is the repository for it still in repository, right?
So go to this one.
And instead of this annotation at repository use at.
Repository rest resource.
OK.
And we need to set the value pod attribute.
But this one particle to say, for example, a study, that's it.
Remove this one unwanted import.
Yeah, now we are good.
I don't know what's happening with application.
And, Jane, these to get all students OK, like this one called disappear.
See, now it will not work.
OK, this is giving fodder for now, let's try this.
You are OK.
This is what we have said or here particle to.
Call this one.
See, we got a student.
And second, when basically all the students, OK, whatever we have in our mythical table student.
So this will be applicable for all the AP is there, for example, getting the run by I.D. it equal
to one.
OK.
To all the is, OK.
This is the part of your country.
So this will be applicable at every place, OK, for every.
And did be geared to post delayed beds every bit.
OK, now let's go back to get all the students call this one.
Look at this one.
OK?
This is the collection.
Or you can see a list or you can see it.
OK.
Where we are getting all the records for the particular table.
And this is the gist, Angie.
Now, let's say, if you want to configure this decent.
This is also being provided by spring guitarist, but let's say we want to change it.
So for that, stop this particular application.
And in this thing, A.D. said, OK, we need to set the value for another attribute that is collection
resource.
This one.
Year, for example, STDs, students are going short.
This is what we want to have as Jason.
Ronald.
Some men all this EPA again.
See, now this decent guy has been changed to whatever we configured.
OK, we have genuine about what our EPA and decent Kefauver colleagues and all you can say at least
are against it, Eddie.
So this is how you can change that you are right for your race, Debbie, and also decent guy for Hellickson,
that's all for now, and we'll proceed further in the next lecture.
Thank you very much.